docs: add nextjs overview content; update the format of the quickstarts/nextjs content (#166)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/references/nextjs/overview.mdx

Reviewer: Is it right that this has the same content as the quickstart? I don't think we want to duplicate that content here 💭

---
title: Next.js and Clerk
description: Learn how to use Clerk to quickly and easily add secure authentication and user management to your Next.js application.
---

# Overview

Clerk makes it simple to add authentication to your Next.js application. Looking to get started? Check out our [getting started guide](/docs/quickstarts/nextjs). If you want to learn more about the capabilities and methods available from Clerk's Next.js SDK, check out the reference content below.

## `authMiddleware()`

> The authMiddleware() helper integrates Clerk authentication into your Next.js application through middleware. It's an important step in setting up your application. By default, Clerk's authMiddleware() treats all routes as private if the middleware runs. If you need to make specific routes public, you can learn more [here](/docs/references/nextjs/auth-middleware).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `authMiddleware()` helper integrates Clerk authentication into your Next.js application through middleware. It allows you to integrate authorization into both the client and server of your application. You can learn more [here](/docs/references/nextjs/auth-middleware).
```

## App Router

> Clerk Next.js provides many helpers that are optimized specifically for Next.js's App Router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clerk provides first-class support for the [Next.js App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app). The below methods and references show how to integrate Clerk features into applications that take advantage of the latest App Router and React Server Components features.
```

- [`auth()`](/docs/references/nextjs/auth)
- [`currentUser()`](/docs/references/nextjs/current-user)
- [Route Handlers](/docs/references/nextjs/route-handlers)
- [Server Actions](/docs/references/nextjs/server-actions)

## Pages Router

> Clerk Next.js also provides client side helpers, such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clerk continues to provide drop-in support for the Next.js Pages Router. In addition to the main Clerk integration, several methods are available for instrumenting authentication within Pages Router-based applications.
```

- [`getAuth()`](/docs/references/nextjs/get-auth)
- [`buildClerkProps()`](/docs/references/nextjs/build-clerk-props)

> ## Other useful resources
> 
> - [Authentication Object](/docs/references/nextjs/authentication-object)
> - [Using tRPC](/docs/references/nextjs/trpc)
> - [`withClerkMiddleware()`](/docs/references/with-clerk-middleware) - will soon be deprecated in favor of `authMiddleware()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Other useful resources

- [Using Clerk with Next.js & tRPC](/docs/references/nextjs/trpc)
```
